fix: Ensure main log file is tailed from the start (#4146)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

  - Update logwatch `ignore.conf` to exclude Xapian messages about pending documents ([#4060](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4060))
  - `dovecot-fts-xapian` plugin was updated to `1.7.13`, fixing a regression with indexing ([#4095](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4095))
- **Internal:**

>   - The main `mail.log` followed to stdout now correctly begins from the first log line ([#4146](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4146))

Author: ```suggestion
  - The main `mail.log` which is piped to stdout via `tail` now correctly begins from the first log line of the active container run. Previously some daemon logs and potential warnings/errors were omitted. ([#4146](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4146))
```
